Feature add:
1. Reset Strike Velocity to 50% after every shot

Fun Game Mode settings (each provides XP bonus and can be enabled by the Host as part of game mode setting):
1. Rebound challenge. Most bounces off the rails before sinking.
2. Strike Velocity Supercharge.
3. Break challenge. Most sunk on break.
4. Quickest to sink 8 ball. Least strokes/time.
5. Guess where they'll end up. Allow user to guess which ball(s) will end up in which position(s) on the table after striking
6. Full-velocity-only mode.
7. No-side mode. Nobody owns solids or stripes, but all must be sunk before the 8-ball.
8. No-side mode where the shooter must alternate sinking solids and stripes.
9. Bank-first. Sinks only count if the object ball is banked first.
10. Indirect. No object balls may be hit directly by the cue ball. Cue ball must rebound off a rail/jaw/cushion first.
11. Blind mode. The object balls' identities are masked until the cue ball is in motion.


-- Handicap Mode. Apply a weighted handicap value to each of the player aids. Allow handicap to apply to the end score and the XP earned each shot. Also allow the Host to allocate a handicap allowance instead of explicitly restricting specific aids. (PLAN MODE)

Game Modes / Specialty Balls:
1. Neverending balls. Every sunk ball is replaced.
2. Sink-em-all challenge. More balls are added to the table periodically. Rate speeds up over time (the better you do, the harder the challenge becomes) Sink them all to win.
3. Balls explode when struck.
4. On a boat. The table pitches and rolls as if aboard a ship! The balls gently roll to-and-fro accordingly and must be accounted for when shooting.
5. Bounty hunt. A rouge live oject ball is announced as the bounty, if potted will award the XP prize.
6. APB. Random live object ball will be announced as the target. The only pottable ball is the target ball.
7. Double-team. Object balls can only be potted if they are first struck by another object ball.
8. Ghost. The first object ball that would be struck becomes ehtereal, the cue ball passes right through it, only striking the next ball in its path.
9. Timebomb. The cue ball ticks down from 10 seconds, exploding at zero, blasting the object balls nearby in accordance with proximity.
10. Under construction. Random pockets become unavailable at times, and object balls cannot be potted in them during this maintenance period.
11. Sabotage. Opponent can sabotage the table by placing an obstruction on the table or moving a single ball
12. Decoy. Opponent can place a decoy ball or disguise an existing ball as another.
13. Bouncy rails. Rails are springy and impart an extra velocty jolt into whatever collides with them.
14. Bouncy balls. Balls are bouncier than usual and impart an extra velocity into whatever collides with them.
15. Volatile cue ball.  The cue ball is spicier than usual and imparts an extra velocity into whatever it collides with.
16. Invisible cue ball. Cue ball is invisible; no trajectory aids will work either.
17. Special Hole. One pocket open and it moves around the table. Object balls can only be potted in the special hole.
18. Portal Pockets. Some pockets become portals to another pocket's output. Balls entering these portal pockets will go in one portal pocket and out the other.
19. Follows only. Must follow every potted object ball with a scratch of the cue ball in the same pocket (follow scratch).
20. Scratches only. Cue ball must scratch after any run for any potted balls to count.
21. 8-ball every shot. You must follow every pot by also potting an 8-ball. Either in the same shot, or in the follow-up shot. Potting an 8-ball ends the user turn.
22. Reverse 9-ball.
23. Roy-G-Biv. Balls must be potted in rainbow color spectrum order.
24. Premonition. Practice shoot your shot to see how it plays out before actually committing.
25. Double-Shot. Sequential valid shots only. Must pot a second valid ball after potting the first.
26. Double-Shot Decaf. Sequential invalid shots only. Must pot a second invalid (other-player's) ball after potting the first valid ball.
27. Scratch First. Must pot the cue ball before the object ball goes in.
28. Ricochet. Object balls can only be potted if ricocheted off another ball in the process.
29. No pocket lives twice. Pocket disappears after a rack where a ball/balls are potted into it. Multiple object balls can be chained into this pocket. The pocket becomes unavailable after the last ball is potted into it during a given run.
30.Alternating Pockets. Any single pocket cannot be potted into sequentially.
31.Alternating Quadrants. Valid pockets alternate table halves, either horizontally or vertically, after a ball is potted
32. No Aids. No visual trajectory aids.
33. No Touchy. A random object ball is designated. Players lose if they touch this ball.
34. Target. A random object ball is selected as the target ball. Penalize user for hitting or potting any other object ball. Penalize user for hitting the target ball without potting it.


Some of these should be treated as XP bonuses, if the user opts to take on more crippling handicaps than is required by the Host.
